This is the file for Journal Entries.

Journal Entries: Due on GitHub in a rolling journal.txt file every Friday (May 5th, May 12th, and May 19th) 
Each journal entry is worth 10 points and should catalog your experience of programming for that week.
This is NOT a change log. This is a reflection on your development experience. Some examples of what to write about include:
● What challenges did you find while programming? 
● Were there any bugs which hung up the development of your program? 
● What was your biggest success this week? 
Journal entries should be a minimum of 1-2 paragraphs with ample detail.

For date and time stamps, please use this format: Wed, May 2nd, 2017.

Wed, May 2nd, 2017
 Android Projects started and CHANGELOG.txt file created. Current development team includes:
   Eamonn, Brayden, Tyler

Fri, May 5th, 2017 (Brayden)
 On Wednesday, we begun development of the Dover Area High School app. We started by deciding which features we should include in the
 final application, and listing these to be developed later. After deciding on features to implement, we began to work on our respective
 areas of the application. My job was to develop WebViews to display pages from the Dover Area School District website in the application.
 On Thursday, I didn't make much progress with this, as I was still attempting to learn how the WebViews worked and how to properly
 implement them into an application. However, on Friday, I was able to successfully create a working WebView for the District page. There
 is a bug, however, in which one of the elements of the web page overlaps with itself. This will have to be fixed soon, though I may be
 able to do this by having the WebView fill the entire page.

Fri, May 5th, 2017 (Tyler)
  As mentioned by Brayden, Wednesday was the day development started and features were handed out. I was assigend the task of creating the Calendar Activity which will then be uswed later to display the lunch menu. Currently I am still working on hooking up the controller to the view as I have created the UI, but am struggling to get Events to display on the Calendar. The biggest success so far has been getting Github up and running for all developers; I was afraid it could have gotten hairy with merge issues and setting up the build environment in IDEA, but it seems that the set up and check-out all went smoothly. Hopefully using Github will help us increase our productivity. Brayden seems to have made considerable progress in the WebViews, so his developments will be very helpful. I have already found a bug in the Calendar UI; if the user exits the Calendar Activity (it's actually a Fragment but whatever), the highlight circle will remain around their previously selected date, and another cicrle will be placed around the current date. Their previously selected date should be cleared upon entry. I will have to investigate if there is a way to reset the CalendarView when the fragment is created.

WED may 10, 2017 Tyler
  Added in more fu ctions to Calendar to fetch iCal docs. Having some trouble getting the co nection right. I might consider usong a third party library to read in the iCal docs from the school website. Other  than that, I will also need to parse the iCal stream and turn it into event objects. i wonder how i will upset the calendar, either store it or retreive it every time


Fri, May 12, 2017 Tyler
  Continued to attempt to add in functionality to data retrieval for the CalendarFragment. Brayden was able to get multiple other webviews and tabs up and running, and Eammonn was able to update the UI and import the dover eagle into the app. The iCal4J library might be the wrong library to use, but unless I find another library to use, I will continue to attempt to use it. I am having trouble getting a list of events from the parsed iCalendar, but I'm also unsure as to how the iCal specification even works, so I may need to spend some more time investigating that in order to implement iCal4J correctly.
Fri, May 12, 2017 (Brayden)
  After having worked this week, I find that I have made adequate progress with the WebView portion of the application. After having gotten the basics of the WebViews down, I then needed to convert them to fragments. Before continuing with the creation of any more
  WebViews, I converted all previous ones into fragments rather than activities. After accomplishing this, I needed to move all of my content over to the main branch rather than my fork, and this took a bit to do due to some complications with moving my content to the
  main branch. At the end of the week, however, most WebViews and respective files have been moved over to the main branch and are set up properly. Next, I will need to finish up any other WebViews that may need creation, and see about fixing the small border issue that
  the WebViews have. While it's not something major, I find it to be a little annoying and possibly causing issues with overlapping on the pages.

Fri, May 18, 2017 Tyler
  The DoverAreaSchoolDistrict now has a fully functioning Calendar. It pulls events from the website's iCal files and populates a ListView with color coded event bubbles with descriptions that are prepended by the name of the calendar they are pulled from. We have finished the UI, with red color and the Dover eagle icon in the navigation menu. The home/menu activity may need some cleaning up, and the app still needs an icon besides the default android logo.
  The most challenging thing since the last journal entry would be pulling and populating the events list for the calendar. I had to figure out how to use a HttpUrlConnection to retreive the iCal file, and I had to switch to the BiWeekly library to more effectively parse in and manipulate the event data. After the Event objects were created, the next obstacle was an algorithm to determine if the event end and start dates fell within the currently selected date in order to display the correct events in the EventList. The algorithm first check to see if the event's formatted start day (YYMMdd) matched the formatted day of the selected date, and if it did, that event would be added to the currentEventsList. If the previous step returned false, it would then use timestamps and check if the selected date's timestamp fell within the window of the start and end dates of the evaluated event's timestamps. This algorithm currently is very effective.
  As a development team, progress has been very streamlined thanks to Github, and our app seems to be farther ahead in features than other projects, and each team member seems to have taken up equal portions of work.
Fri, May 18, 2017 (Brayden)
  At the end of it all, I was successfully able to create all of the necessary WebViews, ensure their functionality, and link them all properly to the UI. I was not, however, able to resolve the border issue, though I found out that it isn't necessary at all. The
 overlapping issue on the top portion of the WebViews isn't an issue with the application that we developed, but rather an issue with the Dover Area School District's mobile page. With everything properly linked together and all issues that I saw in my areas resolved, I
 have completed my objectives and can help the rest of the group in their areas if necessary. I find that I made adequate progress during our work period, and that everyone else did so as well. I'd say that, given our short amount of time that we had, we accomplished
 a lot during our work period, likely due to having 3 people capable of working on it at once. As expected, however, there is plenty of room for new content to be added to the application, such as push notifications, the day's lunch being displayed on the main menu, an
 autofill system with a passcode for Skyward, etc. 
